AI: Add AIIntegrationOptions Desc. (#8530)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/40 Common Types/AIIntegration/AIIntegration.md

A class that activates AI services in DevExpress UI components.

---

> This object's constructor accepts an [AIProvider](/api-reference/40%20Common%20Types/AIProvider '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/AIProvider/') object that specifies AI service settings. You can also configure an [AIIntegrationOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/AIIntegrationOptions/) object to specify additional properties. Pass the created `AIIntegration` object to components where you want to activate AI capabilities.

Reviewer: It wasn't immediately clear to me how to configure the AIIntegrationOptions object (is it available via a property or an argument). Looks like it's an optional parameter in this constructor. So I would do it like this then (add a list): 

```suggestion
This object's constructor accepts two parameters: 

- [AIProvider](/api-reference/40%20Common%20Types/AIProvider '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/AIProvider/') object (required)- specifies AI service settings. 
- [AIIntegrationOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/AIIntegrationOptions/) object (optional) - specifies additional properties. 

Pass the created `AIIntegration` object to components where you want to activate AI capabilities.
```
